Add another option to access System Information on Windows (#1638)
DjangoGirls/tutorial: en/python_installation/instructions.md

<!--sec data-title="Install Python: Windows" data-id="python_windows" data-collapse=true ces-->

First check whether your computer is running a 32-bit version or a 64-bit version of Windows, on the "System type" line of the System Info page. To reach this page, try one of these methods:

> * Press the Windows key and start to type System Information, the menu should bring it up as best match within 3 letters, click on it or press enter to accept it 

Reviewer: This should probably be three separate sentences:

```suggestion
* Press the Windows key and start to type System Information. The menu should bring it up as best match within 3 letters. Click on it or press enter to accept it.
```

Also, should "System Information", as the text to be typed in, be delimited in any way? E.g. put into quotes:
```suggestion
* Press the Windows key and start to type "System Information", the menu should bring it up as best match within 3 letters, click on it or press enter to accept it 
```
or with code / monospace markup:
```suggestion
* Press the Windows key and start to type `System Information`, the menu should bring it up as best match within 3 letters, click on it or press enter to accept it 
```

> * Press the Windows key and start to type `System Information`. The menu should bring it up as best match within 3 letters. Click on it or press enter to accept it.

Reviewer 2: This is not very clear to me. I know what you mean, but not sure how to phrase it briefly. It also feels like the most complex of all so should be last IMHO.

Reviewer: Would this be better?

> * Search the Windows Start menu for "System Information". To do that, click the Start button or press the Windows key, then begin to type `System Information`. You'll probably be able to select that entry without having to type it all out completely.

Reviewer 2: `You'll probably be able to select that entry without having to type it all out completely.` isn't that clear. How about:
> It will start making suggestions as soon as you type. You can select the entry once it shows up.

Reviewer: So that'd be
```suggestion
* Search the Windows Start menu for "System Information". To do that, click the Start button or press the Windows key, then begin to type `System Information`. It will start making suggestions as soon as you type. You can select the entry once it shows up.
```

Can we make that shorter without mutilating it? Or is the length alright? (Maybe less of an issue, if it isn't the first option listed.)

Reviewer 2: Length is IMHO alright if it's not the first option.
